[↑ Back](../../README.md)

# Hogwarts

Write a program that reads data of Hogwarts's houses from the standard input in CSV format, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## Defining record

Define the record `HOUSE` based on a structure having the following fields:

* `name`: name of the house (a string having at most `15` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `score`: score of the house (a non-negative integer, type: `int`)
* `wins`: number of won Quidditch matches (a non-negative integer, type: `int`)

## Reading records from the standard input

Each line of the standard input represents a single record in the following format:

```
<name>;<score>;<wins>
```

**Notes:**

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
4. The input uses semicolons (`';'`) as the delimiter.
5. Each line contains at most `100` characters.

**Types of input**

1. The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    Gryffindor;220;2
    Slytherin;220;1
    Hufflepuff;180;0
    Ravenclaw;180;0
    CustomHouse;10;0
    ```

2. The end of the input is denoted with a line containing the character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed that the standard input contains at most 20 lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    Gryffindor;220;2
    Slytherin;220;1
    Hufflepuff;180;0
    Ravenclaw;180;0
    CustomHouse;10;0
    END
    ```

3. The first line of the input contains the value `n` denoting the number of records. Each of the next `n` lines describes a record.

    ```
    5
    Gryffindor;220;2
    Slytherin;220;1
    Hufflepuff;180;0
    Ravenclaw;180;0
    CustomHouse;10;0
    ```

## Sorting records

Sort the array using built-in function `qsort()`, and the following stages:

1. score of the house (descending)
2. number of won Quidditch matches (ascending)
3. name of the house (ascending)

**Notes:**

1. Invoke function `qsort()` in function `main()`.

## Writing records to the standard output

Write the elements of the sorted array to the standard output using the following format:

```
#<index> <name>: <score> (<wins>)
```

**Notes:**

1. Each line contains one record.
2. The notation `<index>` denotes the position of the record.

## Sample execution

The following lines should be printed to the standard output in the case of all input formats:

```
#1 Gryffindor: 220 (2)
#2 Slytherin: 220 (1)
#3 Hufflepuff: 180 (0)
#4 Ravenclaw: 180 (0)
#5 CustomHouse: 10 (0)
```