[↑ Back](../../README.md)

# Spotify tracks

Write a program that reads data of Spotify tracks from the standard input in CSV format, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## Defining record

Define the record `TRACK` based on a structure having the following fields:

* `title`: title of the track (a string having at most `40` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `length`: length of the track (in seconds, type: `int`)
* `plays`: number of plays (in hundred-thousands, type: `int`)

## Reading records from the standard input

Each line of the standard input represents a single record in the following format:

```
<title>;<length>;<plays>
```

**Notes:**

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
4. The input uses semicolons (`';'`) as the delimiter.
5. Each line contains at most `60` characters.

**Types of input**

1. The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    Dua Lipa - Physical;193;810
    David Guetta - Memories;210;682
    Calvin Harris - Miracle;186;810
    Miley Cyrus - Flowers;200;977
    ```

2. The end of the input is denoted with a line containing the character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed that the standard input contains at most 20 lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    Dua Lipa - Physical;193;810
    David Guetta - Memories;210;682
    Calvin Harris - Miracle;186;810
    Miley Cyrus - Flowers;200;977
    END
    ```

3. The first line of the input contains the value `n` denoting the number of records. Each of the next `n` lines describes a record.

    ```
    4
    Dua Lipa - Physical;193;810
    David Guetta - Memories;210;682
    Calvin Harris - Miracle;186;810
    Miley Cyrus - Flowers;200;977
    ```

## Sorting records

Sort the array using built-in function `qsort()`, and the following stages:

1. number of plays (descending)
2. length of the track (ascending)
3. title of the track (ascending)

**Notes:**

1. Invoke function `qsort()` in function `main()`.

## Writing records to the standard output

Write the elements of the sorted array to the standard output using in the following format:

```
#<index> <title>: <length> (<plays>)
```

**Notes:**

1. Each line contains one record.
2. The notation `<index>` denotes the position of the record.

## Sample execution

The following lines should be printed to the standard output in the case of all input formats:

```
#1 Miley Cyrus - Flowers: 200 (977)
#2 Calvin Harris - Miracle: 186 (810)
#3 Dua Lipa - Physical: 193 (810)
#3 David Guetta - Memories: 210 (682)
```