[↑ Back](../../README.md)

# Roller Coasters

Write a program that reads roller coasters from a CSV file, then sorts and prints them to another CSV file.

## Defining record

Define the record `ROLLER_COASTER` based on a structure having the following fields:

* `name`: name of the coaster (a string having at most `30` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `world`: name of the world (a string having at most `30` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `height`: minimum height of people (a positive integer, type: `int`)
* `time`: waiting time (a positive integer, type: `int`)

## Reading records from file

Open and read the CSV file in which the name (path) is passed as the first command-line argument. Each line represents a single record in the following format:

```
<name>;<world>;<height>;<time>
```

You can see the possible input formats in the section *Sample execution*. The following notes are applied to all the formats:

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
2. The input uses semicolons (`';'`) as the delimiter.
3. Each line contains at most `100` characters.
4. Print an error message and exit with status code `1` if the command-line argument is not present.
5. Print an error message and exit with status code `2` if the file cannot be opened.

## Sorting records

Sort the array using built-in function `qsort()`, and the following stages:

1. waiting time (ascending)
2. height (descending)
3. name (ascending)

Invoke function `qsort()` in function `main()`.

## Writing records to file

Open the CSV file, whose name is passed as the second command-line argument, then write the sorted sequence of records to it! Consider the following notes:

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
2. The file should have the same format as the input file.
3. Print an error message and exit with status code `3` if the command-line argument is not present.
4. Print an error message and exit with status code `4` if the file cannot be opened.

## Sample execution

### Command-line arguments

```
input.csv output.csv
```

### Content of file `input.csv`

You can solve the exercise using three different formats of `input.csv`:

1. The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    ```

2. The end of the input is denoted with a line containing the character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed that the standard input contains at most 20 lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    END
    ```

3. The first line of the input contains the value `n` denoting the number of records. Each of the next `n` lines describes a record.

    ```
    6
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    ```

### Content of file `output.csv`

The following sequence of records should be printed to the given file in the case of all input formats:

```
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Dragon Khan;China;140;80
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
Shambhala;China;140;120
```

Note that you may print the number of test cases in the first line or a specific value in the last line.

### Enhance your solution

Feel free to process the data using any algorithm implemented in an additional function. Use the standard input and the standard output to read its additional parameters and print its returned value.
