[↑ Back](../../README.md)

# LEGO Sets

Write a program that reads LEGO sets from a CSV file, then sorts and prints them to another CSV file.

## Defining record

Define the record `LEGO_SET` based on a structure having the following fields:

* `code`: code (number) of the set (a string having at most `5` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `name`: name of the set (a string having at most `50` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `theme`: theme of the set (a string having at most `30` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `bricks`: bricks (pieces) in the set (a positive integer, type: `int`)

## Reading records from file

Open and read the CSV file in which the name (path) is passed as the first command-line argument. Each line represents a single record in the following format:

```
<code>;<name>;<theme>;<bricks>
```

You can see the possible input formats in the section *Sample execution*. The following notes are applied to all the formats:

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
2. The input uses semicolons (`';'`) as the delimiter.
3. Each line contains at most `100` characters.
4. Print an error message and exit with status code `1` if the command-line argument is not present.
5. Print an error message and exit with status code `2` if the file cannot be opened.

## Sorting records

Sort the array using built-in function `qsort()`, and the following stages:

1. count of bricks (descending)
1. theme (ascending)
1. name (ascending)
1. code (ascending)

Invoke function `qsort()` in function `main()`.

## Writing records to file

Open the CSV file, whose name is passed as the second command-line argument, then write the sorted sequence of records to it! Consider the following notes:

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
2. The file should have the same format as the input file.
3. Print an error message and exit with status code `3` if the command-line argument is not present.
4. Print an error message and exit with status code `4` if the file cannot be opened.

## Sample execution

### Command-line arguments

```
input.csv output.csv
```

### Content of file `input.csv`

You can solve the exercise using three different formats of `input.csv`:

1. The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    ```

2. The end of the input is denoted with a line containing the character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed that the standard input contains at most 20 lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    END
    ```

3. The first line of the input contains the value `n` denoting the number of records. Each of the next `n` lines describes a record.

    ```
    5
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    ```

### Content of file `output.csv`

The following sequence of records should be printed to the given file in the case of all input formats:

```
10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
```

Note that you may print the number of test cases in the first line or a specific value in the last line.

### Enhance your solution

Feel free to process the data using any algorithm implemented in an additional function. Use the standard input and the standard output to read its additional parameters and print its returned value.
