week-09/README.md, before:

[↑ Back](../README.md)

# Week #09

## Topics

Data handling #1 (structures, reading and writing files, processing CSV documents, functions `qsort` and `bsearch`)

## Agenda

* Tokenization of strings (function `strtok`).
* Defining structures, keyword `typedef`.
* Function `qsort`.

## Sample codes

1. [`test_qsort_int.c`](./samples/test_qsort_int.c) - Sorts an `int` array using `qsort`.
1. [`test_qsort_char.c`](./samples/test_qsort_char.c) - Sorts a `char` array using `qsort`.
1. [`test_qsort_args_1.c`](./samples/test_qsort_args_1.c) - Sorts the command-line arguments using `qsort`.
1. [`test_qsort_args_2.c`](./samples/test_qsort_args_2.c) - Sorts the command-line arguments using `qsort`, considering the lengths first.
1. [`test_qsort_args_3.c`](./samples/test_qsort_args_3.c) - Sorts the command-line arguments using `qsort`, case insensitive version.
2. [`test_struct.c`](./samples/test_struct.c) - Defines and uses a structure.
3. [`test_struct_typedef.c`](./samples/test_struct_typedef.c) - Defines and uses a type derived from a structure.

## Exercises

* [`P109101` - Airports](./exercises/P109101.md)
* [`P109102` - Roller Coasters](./exercises/P109102.md)
* [`P109103` - LEGO Sets](./exercises/P109103.md)
* [`P109104` - Hogwarts](./exercises/P109104.md)
* [`P109105` - Spotify tracks](./exercises/P109105.md)

Commit message:

Add sample solutions to README

week-09/README.md, after:

[↑ Back](../README.md)

# Week #09

## Topics

Data handling #1 (structures, reading and writing files, processing CSV documents, functions `qsort` and `bsearch`)

## Agenda

* Tokenization of strings (function `strtok`).
* Defining structures, keyword `typedef`.
* Function `qsort`.

## Sample codes

1. [`test_qsort_int.c`](./samples/test_qsort_int.c) - Sorts an `int` array using `qsort`.
1. [`test_qsort_char.c`](./samples/test_qsort_char.c) - Sorts a `char` array using `qsort`.
1. [`test_qsort_args_1.c`](./samples/test_qsort_args_1.c) - Sorts the command-line arguments using `qsort`.
1. [`test_qsort_args_2.c`](./samples/test_qsort_args_2.c) - Sorts the command-line arguments using `qsort`, considering the lengths first.
1. [`test_qsort_args_3.c`](./samples/test_qsort_args_3.c) - Sorts the command-line arguments using `qsort`, case insensitive version.
1. [`test_struct.c`](./samples/test_struct.c) - Defines and uses a structure.
1. [`test_struct_typedef.c`](./samples/test_struct_typedef.c) - Defines and uses a type derived from a structure.
1. [`airports_e.c`](./samples/airports_e.c) - Sample solution for the first version of exercise `P109101`.
1. [`airports_t.c`](./samples/airports_t.c) - Sample solution for the second version of exercise `P109101`.
1. [`airports_n.c`](./samples/airports_n.c) - Sample solution for the third version of exercise `P109101`.

## Exercises

* [`P109101` - Airports](./exercises/P109101.md)
* [`P109102` - Roller Coasters](./exercises/P109102.md)
* [`P109103` - LEGO Sets](./exercises/P109103.md)
* [`P109104` - Hogwarts](./exercises/P109104.md)
* [`P109105` - Spotify tracks](./exercises/P109105.md)
